warranty.png - Taro4012
buncult.png - bunner
compowinner.png - OctaHeart
rat.png - Random Guy JCI
influenceur.png - #Guigui
congratulations.png - Bliv
skellington.png - pipes
info.png - KirbyCreep
specialoffer.png - TatonSlice
olives.png - purplpasta
rodn.png - Xeno
petey.png - TAPE_W0RM
cockpics.png - Roxby
walter.png - perfectfreeze_
thing.png - stuffbyrae
whore.png - Albert Softie
drugs.png - row_boat47
BUY.png - Worrow
setupwizard.png - dconn537
seenthisman.png - PKDeluxe
freeanti.png - whistlr
kermit.png - LandyRS
dxmonster.png - Boo Ripley
smoke.png - bluefrit
stand.png - bluefrit
hurt.png - Roxby
scarygames.png - MMillion
hot.png - ember
sbahjhotbabes.png - Zara
theline.png - Myseif
devsdonuts.png - lugi
hotdogs.png - thefinals
baltimore.png - plastermaster
internlegends.png - MarioMak967
thelid.png - Peachy6206
fumo.png - Colon
nova.png - CV35W
heatdeath.png - WolfPlay013
survey.png - BIrDIS
ewwpeople.png - Het
hotpoliticians.png - 3T
love2d.png - DeadlySprinklez


all others by DPS2004 and Maddy